poker supplies co presents our 1000
count acrylic carrier
take your home gaming experience to the
next level with this authentic casino
chip carrier this item includes the
acrylic poker chip carrier and tin poker
chip trays chips are not included with
this purchase
this sturdy tray will hold 100 poker
chips each row in the tray will hold 20
chips there are five rows of 20 in each
chip tray
the acrylic carrier will hold 10 chip
trays when each chip tray is full that
is a poker chip capacity of 1,000 inside
the carrier each chip tray stacks on top
of another tray the dimensions of the
tray enables it to be set on top of
another full tray in a stable and
stackable manner that is easy for
transporting storing poker chips in
trays also makes it easier to distribute
chips when starting your game since your
chips will already be pre assembled in
casino style chip trays
our chip carrier is truly casino grade
the corners are lined with a high-impact
durable plastic to protect your carrier
from cracking and shattering during
transportation the top of the carrier
lifts off the base the chip trays are
loaded on each side of the base the base
and stem are thick and capable of
supporting over 70 pounds of weight the
chips and this demonstration are 14 gram
heavyweight chips the carrier can easily
support any chip weight on the market
today once the chip racks are loaded
onto the base the carrier cover is
placed back over top of the trays once
set your chips are ready for easy and
convenient transportation thanks for
visiting poker supplies Co we hope to be
shipping one of these to you soon